---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerscale_filesystem data source"
linkTitle: "powerscale_filesystem"
page_title: "powerscale_filesystem Data Source - terraform-provider-powerscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  FileSystem data source
---

# powerscale_filesystem (Data Source)

FileSystem data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

data "powerscale_filesystem" "system" {
  # Required parameter, path of the directory filesystem datasource, defaults to "/ifs" if not set
  directory_path = "/ifs/tfacc_file_system_test"
}

output "powerscale_filesystem_1" {
  value = data.powerscale_filesystem.system
}
```

After the successful execution of above said block, We can see the output value by executing 'terraform output' command.
Also, we can use the fetched information by the variable data

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `directory_path` (String) FileSystem identifier
- `file_systems_details` (Attributes) Details of the Filesystem (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details))
- `id` (String) FileSystem identifier

<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details`

Optional:

- `file_system_attributes` (Attributes List) FileSystems Attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_attributes))
- `file_system_namespace_acl` (Attributes) Filesystem acl (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl))
- `file_system_quotas` (Attributes List) Filesystem quotas (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_quotas))
- `file_system_snapshots` (Attributes List) Filesystem shots (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_snapshots))

<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_attributes`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Attribute name
- `namespace` (String) Attribute namespace
- `value` (String) Attribute value


<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_namespace_acl`

Optional:

- `acl` (Attributes List) Filesystem Access Control List (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--acl))
- `action` (String) Acl action
- `authoritative` (String) Acl authoritative
- `group` (Attributes) ACL group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--group))
- `mode` (String) Acl mode
- `owner` (Attributes) ACL owner (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--owner))

<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_namespace_acl.acl`

Optional:

- `access_rights` (List of String) Access rights
- `access_type` (String) Access type
- `inherit_flags` (List of String) Inherit flags
- `op` (String) Op
- `trustee` (Attributes) Trustee (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--acl--trustee))

<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--acl--trustee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_namespace_acl.acl.trustee`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Trustee identifier
- `name` (String) Trustee name
- `type` (String) Trustee type



<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_namespace_acl.group`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Group identifier
- `name` (String) Group name
- `type` (String) Group type


<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_namespace_acl--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_namespace_acl.owner`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Owner identifier
- `name` (String) Owner name
- `type` (String) Owner type



<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_quotas`

Optional:

- `container` (Boolean) If true, SMB shares using the quota directory see the quota thresholds as share size.
- `enforced` (Boolean) True if the quota provides enforcement, otherwise a accounting quota.
- `id` (String) Quota Id
- `path` (String) The path of quota.
- `type` (String) The type of quota.
- `usage` (Attributes) Usage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_quotas--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_quotas--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_quotas.usage`

Optional:

- `applogical` (Number) Bytes used by governed data apparent to application
- `applogical_ready` (Boolean) True if applogical resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `fslogical` (Number) Bytes used by governed data apparent to filesystem.
- `fslogical_ready` (Boolean) True if fslogical resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `fsphysical` (Number) Bytes used by governed data apparent to filesystem.
- `fsphysical_ready` (Boolean) True if fsphysical resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `inodes` (Number) Number of inodes (filesystem entities) used by governed data.
- `inodes_ready` (Boolean) True if inodes resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `physical` (Number) Bytes used for governed data and filesystem overhead.
- `physical_data` (Number) Number of physical blocks for file data
- `physical_data_ready` (Boolean) True if physical_data resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `physical_protection` (Number) Number of physical blocks for file protection
- `physical_protection_ready` (Boolean) True if physical_protection resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `physical_ready` (Boolean) True if physical resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.
- `shadow_refs` (Number) Number of shadow references (cloned, deduplicated or packed filesystem blocks) used by governed data.
- `shadow_refs_ready` (Boolean) True if shadow_refs resource accounting is accurate on the quota. If false, this quota is waiting on completion of a QuotaScan job.



<a id="nestedatt--file_systems_details--file_system_snapshots"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_systems_details.file_system_snapshots`

Optional:

- `alias` (String) The name of the alias, none for real snapshots.
- `created` (Number) The Unix Epoch time the snapshot was created.
- `expires` (Number) The Unix Epoch time the snapshot will expire and be eligible for automatic deletion.
- `has_locks` (Boolean) True if the snapshot has one or more locks present see, see the locks subresource of a snapshot for a list of locks.
- `id` (Number) The system ID given to the snapshot. This is useful for tracking the status of delete pending snapshots.
- `name` (String) The user or system supplied snapshot name. This will be null for snapshots pending delete.
- `path` (String) The /ifs path snapshotted.
- `pct_filesystem` (Number) Percentage of /ifs used for storing this snapshot.
- `pct_reserve` (Number) Percentage of configured snapshot reserved used for storing this snapshot.
- `schedule` (String) The name of the schedule used to create this snapshot, if applicable.
- `shadow_bytes` (Number) The amount of shadow bytes referred to by this snapshot.
- `size` (Number) The amount of storage in bytes used to store this snapshot.
- `state` (String) Snapshot state.
- `target_id` (Number) The ID of the snapshot pointed to if this is an alias. 18446744073709551615 (max uint64) is returned for an alias to the live filesystem.
- `target_name` (String) The name of the snapshot pointed to if this is an alias.