---
# Copyright (c) 2023-2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerscale_synciq_global_settings data source"
linkTitle: "powerscale_synciq_global_settings"
page_title: "powerscale_synciq_global_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-powerscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This datasource is used to query the SyncIQ Global Settings from PowerScale array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details.
---

# powerscale_synciq_global_settings (Data Source)

This datasource is used to query the SyncIQ Global Settings from PowerScale array. The information fetched from this datasource can be used for getting the details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
/*
Copyright (c) 2024 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/


Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
*/

# This Terraform DataSource is used to query the details of the SyncIQ Globalbsettings from PowerScale array.

# Returns the PowerScale SyncIQ Global settings on PowerScale array
data "powerscale_synciq_global_settings" "all" {
}

# Output value of above block by executing 'terraform output' command
# You can use the the fetched information by the variable data.powerscale_synciq_global_settings.all
output "powerscale_synciq_global_settings_all" {
  value = data.powerscale_synciq_global_settings.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `bandwidth_reservation_reserve_absolute` (Number) The amount of SyncIQ bandwidth to reserve in kb/s for policies that did not specify a bandwidth reservation. This field takes precedence over bandwidth_reservation_reserve_percentage.
- `bandwidth_reservation_reserve_percentage` (Number) The percentage of SyncIQ bandwidth to reserve for policies that did not specify a bandwidth reservation.
- `cluster_certificate_id` (String) The ID of this cluster's certificate being used for encryption.
- `encryption_cipher_list` (String) The cipher list being used with encryption. For SyncIQ targets, this list serves as a list of supported ciphers. For SyncIQ sources, the list of ciphers will be attempted to be used in order.
- `encryption_required` (Boolean) If true, requires all SyncIQ policies to utilize encrypted communications.
- `force_interface` (Boolean) NOTE: This field should not be changed without the help of PowerScale support.  Default for the "force_interface" property that will be applied to each new sync policy unless otherwise specified at the time of policy creation.  Determines whether data is sent only through the subnet and pool specified in the "source_network" field. This option can be useful if there are multiple interfaces for the given source subnet.
- `max_concurrent_jobs` (Number) The max concurrent jobs that SyncIQ can support. This number is based on the size of the current cluster and the current SyncIQ worker throttle rule.
- `ocsp_address` (String) The address of the OCSP responder to which to connect.
- `ocsp_issuer_certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate authority that issued the certificate whose revocation status is being checked.
- `password_set` (Boolean) Indicates if a password is set for authentication. Password value is not shown with GET.
- `preferred_rpo_alert` (Number) If specified, display as default RPO Alert value for new policy creation via WebUI
- `renegotiation_period` (Number) If specified, the duration to persist encrypted connection before forcing a renegotiation.
- `report_email` (Set of String) Email sync reports to these addresses.
- `report_max_age` (Number) The default length of time (in seconds) a policy report will be stored.
- `report_max_count` (Number) The default maximum number of reports to retain for a policy.
- `restrict_target_network` (Boolean) Default for the "restrict_target_network" property that will be applied to each new sync policy unless otherwise specified at the time of policy creation.  If you specify true, and you specify a SmartConnect zone in the "target_host" field, replication policies will connect only to nodes in the specified SmartConnect zone.  If you specify false, replication policies are not restricted to specific nodes on the target cluster.
- `rpo_alerts` (Boolean) If disabled, no RPO alerts will be generated.
- `service` (String) Specifies if the SyncIQ service currently on, paused, or off.  If paused, all sync jobs will be paused.  If turned off, all jobs will be canceled.
- `service_history_max_age` (Number) Maximum age of service information to maintain, in seconds.
- `service_history_max_count` (Number) Maximum number of historical service information records to maintain.
- `source_network` (Attributes) Restricts replication policies on the local cluster to running on the specified subnet and pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_network))
- `tw_chkpt_interval` (Number) The interval (in seconds) in which treewalk syncs are forced to checkpoint.
- `use_workers_per_node` (Boolean) If enabled, SyncIQ will use the deprecated workers_per_node field with worker pools functionality and limit workers accordingly.

<a id="nestedatt--source_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_network`

Read-Only:

- `pool` (String) The pool to restrict replication policies to.
- `subnet` (String) The subnet to restrict replication policies to.