---
# Copyright (c) 2023 Dell Inc., or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
#
# Licensed under the Mozilla Public License Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/
#
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.

title: "powerscale_accesszone resource"
linkTitle: "powerscale_accesszone"
page_title: "powerscale_accesszone Resource - terraform-provider-powerscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Access Zone resource
---

# powerscale_accesszone (Resource)

Access Zone resource




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `groupnet` (String) Groupnet identifier
- `name` (String) Specifies the access zone name.
- `path` (String) Specifies the access zone base directory path.

### Optional

- `custom_auth_providers` (List of String) An optional parameter which adds new auth_providers to the access zone

### Read-Only

- `alternate_system_provider` (String) Specifies an alternate system provider.
- `auth_providers` (List of String) Specifies the list of authentication providers available on this access zone.
- `cache_entry_expiry` (Number) Specifies amount of time in seconds to cache a user/group.
- `create_path` (Boolean) Determines if a path is created when a path does not exist.
- `home_directory_umask` (Number) Specifies the permissions set on automatically created user home directories.
- `id` (String) Specifies the system-assigned ID for the access zone. This value is returned when an access zone is created through the POST method
- `ifs_restricted` (Attributes List) Specifies a list of users and groups that have read and write access to /ifs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ifs_restricted))
- `map_untrusted` (String) Maps untrusted domains to this NetBIOS domain during authentication.
- `negative_cache_entry_expiry` (Number) Specifies number of seconds the negative cache entry is valid.
- `netbios_name` (String) Specifies the NetBIOS name.
- `skeleton_directory` (String) Specifies the skeleton directory that is used for user home directories.
- `system` (Boolean) True if the access zone is built-in.
- `system_provider` (String) Specifies the system provider for the access zone.
- `user_mapping_rules` (List of String) Specifies the current ID mapping rules.
- `zone_id` (Number) Specifies the access zone ID on the system.

<a id="nestedatt--ifs_restricted"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ifs_restricted`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Specifies the serialized form of a persona, which can be 'UID:0', 'USER:name', 'GID:0', 'GROUP:wheel', or 'SID:S-1-1'.
- `name` (String) Specifies the persona name, which must be combined with a type.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of persona, which must be combined with a name.

